Well, I am super excited
because at this point in time,
we have coded all of the elements
we need to build our medium design.
We have our header with
our Hamburger button.
We have the album cover and
our working audio player.
We have all those reviews and images, all
that's all coded and we have our footer.
All of that is in place.
And we also have of course our track list,
all of the songs that come on that
particular Magenta Lime album.
So now it's up to you.
It's time for you to go through and
assemble that into a single document.
So here's what I recommend.
There is a beginning code pen
I've given you right here.
If you open that up in a new tab,
This is the Hamburger
button work that we just finished, so
there it is, all working for you, okay?
And you'll see that I've given you links
to the finished state of all of the other
things we've assembled for
the medium site.
The album cover with the track list,
the reviews, and images, the new album,
that little box that said new album thing.
The footer and so what I'd like for you
to do now copy over the HTML from those,
assemble it all together,
copy over the layers that contain
the right CSS for all those things.
Assemble that all
together in the code pen.
And then I've mentioned a few other
things, a few other tweaks you may wanna
make along the way here to
that particular design.
So I'd like you to give that a try.
Go through and
see if you can assemble this webpage.
And then we'll go through
the solution at the end.
So remember, this is just what
you'll need to do the mobile and
tablet versions of the web page layout.
And we'll do desktop separately.
So just a couple of quick things here,
a couple of high points to think about.
We copied, of course, all of our HTML
over a little bit by little bit.
Make sure it's inside of your wrapper,
right?
We have a wrapper that
contains everything.
So if we flatten up our HTML here,
you have your wrapper,
then you should have your header.
You should have that cover, which is
the thing that contains the audio.
You'll have your reviews, you'll have
that album button that comes later,
down here in the document, there it is.
Then you'll have a section that has no
class on it that has the table with
our tracks in it.
And then we have our footer down
here at the bottom of the page.
So hopefully,
you got something close to that.
One of the things you'll notice
is that when you make the screen
particularly wide, then our reviews
do exactly what we told them to do.
Gosh, darn it, here,
they are turning into the desktop version.
Now, obviously, that's not where that's
going to be when we get to the desktop
layout version of the site, so you can
just sort of ignore that for the moment.
If you have gotten it such
that it looks like this, and
we've got our tablet version here, and
we've got our mobile version
here with the reviews like this,
then you did a fantastic job
well done everybody, yay.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Awesome.